 I want to say thank you so much for engaging with the stuff, because the thing would play is everyone loves it. Everyone wants to engage in it, but  like the pictures you showed behind, kids can just effortlessly jump into it, but for the same thing to be drawn by an adult,  I need to go to art school.

I need to go in and get my perfect paper, perfect pens. You know, I need to get someone to show me how it's done. I need to see what someone else is doing. There's so much of hesitance around the subject. So I'm really happy that you engage on my content.

To be honest, I think a lot of that has to do with just how social media is constructed.

Everybody wants to have some sort of pristine appearance on social media because that's what gets the likes. That's what gets the shares. But I've been  on this movement lately to put the social back in social media. So a lot of the stuff I'm talking about is instead of worrying about likes and followers and things like that, like what if you had a metric of how many zoom calls with new people have I had, how many connections have I made?

Because that's where the real stuff is, right? The stuff on social media is a great way to make connections with people so that you can like interact with them. Like in the real world too, like Twitter, it can be the real world, like, but you have to be your real self. If you're putting that projection out on social media, you just don't get that.

And that's something I love about your account. I could just see like, it's you and I, we met briefly in the, the one inner intellect salon a while back.  You just popped in, but it's like, oh, I recognize you from Twitter. You showed up and your personality matched your tweets.

Exactly. And it was brilliant. Like that's what I love seeing. And unfortunately we just don't you know, we, we don't always experience like that level of transparency and authenticity with people because social media doesn't. Reward. It, it doesn't prioritize it. It's not what gets the likes. It's not what, you know, gets the metrics that like people see.

So one of my missions is kind of like, okay, how can I create metrics that like people can use that actually works on building relationships. So I think the idea of scaling relationships through play is actually a really cool idea. You know, treating everything like a game, right? who do I want to play with?

And if they don't want to play with me, I'll go play with somebody who does. There's so many people out there to connect with. And I think unfortunately play gets lost in it. So I I'd love to hear more about your kind of journey in self discovery and, and play. I'd love to hear more.

Oh man. You know, like I'm still tripping on that, but on the face he just said, that can be real if we show up as well as we are. Right. Like social media can be real if we feel like that's going to be leaning in my head for a long time now. That's what I love most. Like I was one of those kids who was privileged to have access to computers with the same growing up.

Yeah. I mean, growing up in India, I had an uncle who lived in everywhere across the world. So, you know, he had gotten. 486 computer when I was, you know, the fourth grade. And that was like, wow, my school didn't have those in the computer lab. I was like, wow. And the first thing I did was I remember like, I, they brought the computer home, they left it there and they said, you know what, we're going out for dinner.

We'll see you in a bit, you later. And they didn't expect me to do anything, but before they came back, I'd already opened everything up. Screwdriver, open everything up on the bachelor, laying it on. I had no clue what I was doing. And I was shit scared that they're going to like, you know, fuck me up when they come back and they see this like this, and I was like, oh my God, I have to put it back together.

And I did, I managed to put it back together before they came back and no one ever knew that avenue was opened up. Right. And I was like, wow. So, you know, there's this thing that this came easy to me. Right. I didn't wait for permission to play. I didn't wait for instruction to play. And I didn't wait for guidance manuals.

None of that. I just dove right into it and started by destroying it. I started by breaking it apart. I was thinking of it as being destructive. I was just thinking of it being an explorative process, something new is just a big box in front of me. Like, how do I know? I didn't know anything about computer, so, but I knew about boxes.

I knew what shapes I knew about things by that time I knew that much. And I was just exploding with what I knew. Right. And I feel like that's the part where a lot of us are hesitant to engage in place. That initial experience requires destruction, right? And it's not an evil thing. It's not a bad thing.

It's not necessarily a hurtful thing, but it's something that needs initiation and play is a destructive process. It could destroy my past perceptions. It could destroy my ego. It could destroy my perception of who I am. It could destroy social norms for me to begin the process of engaging. Like there's a lot of destruction involved and I feel like that's why, the pictures on the wall, like one could say, oh, you know, that's just destroyed the pristine beauty of that wall by sticking papers with squiggly lines on it.

That's one way of looking at it. And unfortunately it looks like that has become the predominant way of looking at it obsessed with order and process. And this is how it's going to be. This is how look this is

and you know, I think this has a lot to do with the idea like, you know, we're taught in school, like so often that there's, you know, a right path, right.

You go to school, you learn the material, you get good grades, you go to college, you have a career. And so for me, I think. You know, I, I went to college, it took me seven years to get a degree, which I now realize was undiagnosed ADHD.

I was like, you, I was always into computers at an early age.

I actually built my first computer when I was 12, because we had a family computer and I remember  I asked my dad, I was like, dad, can I have my own computer? And he said, no. And I said, fine, then I'll build one. And he said, okay. And so like, every like, like for awhile, you know, birthdays, Christmases, I get money and I'd buy it a component at a time.

And I put it all together and got it all working. And  it was mine. In my house, the one thing that I keep coming back to is we didn't have a guy come to do anything. We never had a plumber, we never had an electrician. My dad did at all. And so, you know, I kind of learned that mentality of I can go out and do anything which is good and bad.

Much like you with the, with the taking apart of the computer, I found myself in situations where like, I can fix it narrator, he couldn't. But I haven't been afraid to try.

And so one of the things that I realized was like, you know, throughout like decade long career as a corporate software engineer you know, I was going through the motions,  following all the rules, but I wasn't actually getting ahead.

That's something that I observed. They told me to follow all these rules and I would be successful. And all I feel is I'm wasting away doing nothing, but working all the time and not actually getting any further.  My salary goes up over the years, but like, as the kids grow up, you know, as the family evolves, where does that go?

And so I really started exploring this idea of, well, what is this the correct way? And I found out that used to be a pretty successful path to take before the internet. But now the idea that knowledge is something you have to obtain from an institution that has deemed that knowledge to be acceptable.

That's not needed at all. you can go that route. But it's overpriced for the experience. And actually you can get a lot more education from Twitter and you can make the connections.  Twitter is magical to me.  It can be an absolutely incredible place or it can be like the deepest bit of hell, depending on which part of Twitter you're on.

Right. And so actually, like when I first started writing online I went viral for a blog that I'm actually not that proud of looking back on it. It was politically charged, you know, it was meant to play on emotions and it pissed a lot of people off. And so that was like my first experience into like, holy crap.

I spent like half an hour writing this thing. It was like 200,000 views over a weekend.  But then  I sat back and evaluated and I was like, okay, well I did that. And I feel really bad about it cause that's not how I want it to do it.

Like I started with the idea of, I want to write to help people. And then like a month later, I'm, I'm writing this stuff that invokes these really strong emotions. And so that really led me to explore, okay, why is social media that way? And you know, essentially it comes down to just how it's designed and what we're incentivizing and what behaviors that gets people to do.

But then you look at the successful people on Twitter who are living their best life and having fun with it. You can feel their authenticity come through on Twitter. And they usually don't have, tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of views or followers. but they have these stronger connections.

And so that's really gotten me into exploring, how can we change social media to be like more social. Again, I want to put that social back in social media.  Because I think one of the reasons that people don't want to play is because it doesn't feel safe. There, there there's always this threat of being attacked while you play like people coming in and, and trashing it. And so I'm kind of curious, have you experienced that? How do you deal with it if it comes up?

One of the things like I, I started from my self, right? One of the things that I have running around in my head with when it comes to play is this idea of flipping IQ as an intelligence quotient into interaction. Right. I feel like that's one of the spaces where as a society, we have grown focusing.

It's very strange, right? It's weird in the sense that society is meant to, in a way the systems be it. Kill the individual in sight, a person like this, the individual expression is crushed and you expect everyone to conform to a certain viewpoint, a certain way of doing things a certain way of dressing, presenting yourself, right?

I mean, that's pretty much how we scale, right? We can't scale. As you know, in the past we had little tribes. So you had the whole Dunbar's number, 150 people were easy to interact with. You knew them by name. You knew them by face. You knew what the eccentricities were. You knew who the real self work couldn't, you couldn't possibly hide behind it.

I mean, like pulling another computer concept, the whole w Y S w Y G like, what you see is what you get. Like, I was so stoked for the first time and I saw a graphical user interface and that whole thing stuck in my head. What you see is what you get. And, you know, when I first got a printer, it's like, Ooh.

So I draw something squiggly here. And I get exactly the same thing when I print it out. Right. I feel like that's one of the things that happens when you're in a close knit circle, you really can't hide who you are from the world. What you, what you are inside is what is seemed to the world, right? And that brings us concept of safety.

The picture, because you are in a smaller tribe, you know, you're safe. And despite no one within this little circle it's going to hurt right now. We've been scaling things. Now we have large scale nations. We have larger groups. Yeah, spanning a continent, right? And that's where things get iffy right now. We can't allow for individual eccentricities to come before.

Right. They can be, they're like hidden behind the surface and they're not being allowed to be expressed because you can't. I mean like the whole idea of going to a school is you're looking for uniformity. The kids to be the same. You want to dress the same way. You want them to learn the same subject.

You have 20 kids in the classroom. All of them are learning the same thing, right? We can't, if we want scale, we can't allow that individual expression to come up. But I think this is where the playground becomes match because that's the one space we still have the luxury of choosing. Do I want to play football?

Yes, no. Right. If I don't want to play football, I can go out and do something else. If I want to play football, I can jump in and join the kids on the playground there. Right? There's a certain level of freedom of choice. And a playground by definition is a place that allows you to engage safe. The machine, the toys, the games, everything is built with rules, regulations, with safety standards, norms.

And even when it comes to the interaction we aim to offer some sort of chaperoning experience. Okay. I don't believe that guy don't push him too hard, you know, go easy. There's always someone in the playground trying to make the peace, trying to keep the peace right now. How do we create this environment across the learning experience across the entire thing?

Because I feel like this is the only within the playground and even within the playground, once you move towards the hardcore games from just me a play to completely to a game which has scores, which has rules, regulations, which has something, you know, more overbearing processes. Sure. That's where it again becomes competitive.

And everyone's trying to outdo each other. It's less of an exploitative experience and model for, you know what, oh, I need to get this done. We need to beat the other person. It's less about the individual and more about everyone else around. Right. And I don't know how we're going to go about this, but I do have an idea that, you know, you rather than look at people and divide people on the basis of who they are, where they come from, what they do, you know, that's currently how we differentiate individuals.

And then we try to make it inclusive that we it's almost like with drawing the borders person. Then we try to wipe them away. But it's hard to do that because we've already drawn them. Those lines are there, you know, it's harder to erase the lines which have already been drawn. Right. But what if we created a new way of looking where you have people who are.

Hesitant to engage in a game where they need a little cajoling, where they need a little, you know, dragging into the playground, come on in, come on in. You know, they need some sort of inspirational talk, motivational dog, some sort of a handholding, you know, sometimes maybe a little nudge or a push, even right now you have people like that.

Then you have the super exuberant ones who come way to enter the playground. And the moment they get in, they're just like, you know, eat up all the space, right? We have two extremes. And between that, you have a few gradients by some people who are like, not so crazy, but you know, still happy to engage.

Some people who are very happy to engage, but they don't want to engage in the same way that the game is being played. Those could be the ones who could think up new games, right? You have, now this is the way I'm trying to look at it. How can we differentiate people? Or how can we bring people into the playground and allowed them to find their own space?

Okay, look, you want to just watch that's cool. Sit by the stands and just watch the game, right? You want to be involved in creating a new game. Awesome. Right? Watch us play jumping, play a few games, go back to the standards. Run your little middle of the, and see if we can come up with a new variant. Maybe we'd love that even more.

Right. And then you're the one who just. Take this and run alone. Well, you could run a, but then there'll be less fun. You could drag others in. Right. And that would be more fun for you, for others, for everyone else watching the game. And we could make this experience. So I'm trying to think of ways in which we create these little games, no matter what it is, it could be drawing like how do we get children to experience interaction without conflict, without struggle, without strife, without fear, without hesitancy with children, actually, they don't need any of this.

They figured it out by themselves. You put two kids together, they start off. Maybe they start off by play fighting and they eventually find their way. They find their way to peace. If, or maybe they just start off like completely on the right foot. And they're sharing toys and games and ideas and thoughts and stories before you know it.

Right. But with adults, I think just the idea of creating, like you said, a safe space, a safe environment, a safe playground. It could be a physical space. It could be like, you know, just a thought space, like, right? Like, so the next 20 minutes in this meeting, we're just going to get anyone. And everyone, if the bagel guy comes in here during this meeting, he gets to have his word in as it's just this 20 minutes of crazy plate, anyone can come up with any damn thing.

It has, it needn't even have any relation to what we're discussing, but we have this as a safe playground. So any thoughts? No, one's going to hold it against you. Go crazy. Right. How would I do that? I have no idea, but I think it starts within the individual before we start institutionalizing play. Before we start saying, you know what?

We should have playgrounds everywhere, like kindling that little spirit of mischief, of joy, of exploration, of curiosity, of, you know, bringing that out in the individual is something that I'm playing with right now.

So I think that's actually really fascinating and I, I'm seeing kind of the same thing from, from a slightly different angle.

I want to start this movement of people that I'm referring to as social network engineers. It's essentially knowing the people around you. Being aware of what they need and then connecting them to people who can provide that. Right. And so like, starting out, if you want to, let's say, change the world, you know, you, you, you, you want to solve this big problem.

Like my recommendation is, you know, you start by finding like five to 10 other people who also want to solve that problem. And you, you know, you start with a group that is kind of accountability and that essentially like branch out to like, you know, and then you find people like a little bit ahead of you who are, you know, actively sharing how they're approaching these goals or whatever.

And then you find the experts who have done it before or done similar things, you know, depending on what problem you're looking to solve. And so what you're doing is essential. I'm looking for people who can go on the playground and say, Hey, you know, I see you watching this game, what'd you like to come in, I'll show you how to play.

And  I'll show you what the rules are. Here's a safe space where you can explore that.  I think if we have these little nudges and they're in the right direction. These people on the network who are like aware of these connections and can make those introductions and help people avoid all the hazards that can be around the playground. It gives them the safe space to walk to the playground, to engage in the play. Like I think that's where we have to start.

So you're talking about the Dunbar number and I think that's actually really interesting because I think it still applies, but the way with social media it's been designed and the numbers that we're talking about instead of having relationships with 150 people, now we have 150 amalgamations of people.

 Because you're talking such large numbers, your brain just kind of collides them all together into groups, right? So you've got us versus them and this group versus that group and this other group. And so your brain, doesn't do a great job of like picking out the,  little eccentricities that everybody has.

And a lot of that has to do with marketing, right? Because this is how you market. And if you want someone to buy a product, you have to market a specific message to a specific population that has sub trait that you're looking to hone in on. And when social media is largely driven by advertising much the way it currently is, the social networks tend to resemble marketing.

The way around that is again, for people to kind of engineer their own social networks, take back control. In addition to like connecting with people kind of intentionally and doing this one-on-one basis, I think it's also important to be really cognizant of the content we consume and like what we're actually putting into our brains.

I didn't do a great job at curating my feed on Twitter for a while.  I just kind of followed whoever. And so I had no control what I saw and how that like influenced my thought process. But I realized that once I took control and I started consciously thinking about like, okay, what goals do I want to accomplish?

That made a huge difference because now  I see people that are going through what I'm going through and that they're struggling with some of the same struggles and that  is such a huge benefit to have people around you like that.

And people all too often miss out on that. We really need to have better, boundaries in terms of what kinds of relationships we're engaging in, social media has become way to blend it in, in terms of everyone's trying to sell you stuff.

And it puts people on edge. And when you're constantly on guard and people trying to sell stuff to you or scam you and all that, you don't have the ability to play, right? You're too much on edge. And so to really capture this idea of safety, I think is really going to require efforts to focus on those smaller groups because   the only way around that I think is to focus in on the relationships that matter.

I think the one thing we need to do is get away from this idea of instant too, right?  Everything has to be instant now, and that's really bad because things don't happen instantly. Very few things actually happen instantly. Anything of lasting change has to take time.

Right. And so to get to that point, if you're playing, you're not worried about the outcome. You're worried about the process. The process of play is the benefit. And with the internet, I think like now if you play and you play the right way, it can actually be very, very lucrative. Because you can do anything online.

 There are an infinite number of ways to make money. It's a lot harder to do it ethically, but  there's still an infinite number of ways because infinity is cool. But yeah,  we just need to like really give people the freedom to, to play. Yeah. I don't know that that's,

I'm really stoked with this idea of the social network engineer that you just threw in this summit.

 So I found that that was the key factor, you know, from the larger playground of Twitter to come into this concept of like, we are best friends at this point of time, like we are now, because that's how it is. There's a larger playground. All the kids are playing with everyone or they're playing in their little circles.

You're playing there, I'm playing here, but we all have the freedom to engage disengage and constantly move around the playground. Right. But then you have this concept of a best friend. Now, suddenly there's this one person you share this intimate bond and this incredible magic with, right. And that doesn't even have to be like best friends forever.

But this is like a best friend for now, right here. Right now. You and me are best friends because right now you have my complete 100% attention. Right. And vice versa. This is amazing. How can we not be best friends right now? Because I'm not thinking of anyone else I'm not giving anyone else.

My time, my attention, my energy, my affection, nothing. Right. You have my complete undivided attention. So for this point of time, I feel like this is you. You are me. We are best friends.

  I think you would love a friend of mine who I met because he started a podcast.

His name is Lobow .Has a podcast called Lobow's spark. And it's all about helping ADHD folks understand how awesome they are. And his whole approach is he has a conversation with someone, records it and post it online. we were just talking about this the other day and he was my first interview for this podcast.

One of the things he talked about was the fact that like, so often people would thank him for just listening because so few people get that undivided attention anymore. It is so hard to come by it when somebody gives you that undivided attention.

It feels incredible. It is so rare that I'm getting chills right now. Just even speaking about that is how rare and precious that is. And so like giving these folks who don't ever get that, an opportunity to tell their story and, and have it matter, that is such an incredible, empowering feeling.

I think we lose a lot by focusing on the successful people and the big accounts and everything, because the beauty is in the details, like, give me the nitty gritty. Where did you come from?  What drives you? that's the stuff that's interesting, like not the marketing thread that I've seen 20 times.

Like, it's great information. It's nice to know, but the story is missing. And so getting these individual stories is something that we could do a lot better on. And  we need to figure out a way as a society to reward these individual stories. Crypto has some interesting potential applications for that, although they miss out on a lot.

But you know, it all comes down to just. Working together.  It's amazing how much can be accomplished when people just work together and connect as people and say, Hey, we want to make this better. And then things get better. It requires that connection and social media is actively preventing a lot of those connections because of the structure.

We need to get this movement off the ground to really like get people connecting one-on-one and get shit happening. As a social network engineer, you can actually maximize the value for every single person in that network. And that's kind of a cool power. Unfortunately, right now that's mostly done by large corporations and Google and Facebook and Twitter in those you know, making a ton of money off of this relationship data, because it turns out that's actually incredibly valuable.

It tells you a whole lot and then like analyzing some of that data now. And it's really cool to see, but  they're doing it the wrong way. So if we give people the ability to do that, and we give people the ability to take control over their own data and share it with who they want, then all of a sudden, like small communities can become very, very powerful and not have to worry about like understanding how all of it works.

A lot of these things I think we'll be able to put into place is like repeatable systems that people can use and then modify as they want. And that's my ultimate goal with this. It's been tough to balance this whole, I want to like build a startup and go fast and all of that.

But also I want to build something that lasts and is meaningful and I, I. As much as I want to care about, like the money side of it. I can't like, that's just not what motivates me at all. I tried being motivated by money and like, that's my first startup that I tried. I wanted to be motivated by money.

And I was like, okay, we gotta just, you know, I can make myself care about money and get people to give me money and help me do this. And I couldn't do that. And I realized like once I, once I flipped that and I started working on like what I really cared about and I just let myself forget about money for a while and then got a job that would pay the bills so I could afford to not have to worry about money.

Cause, cause that's certainly a privilege that you know, not everybody has certainly. But then like, you know, now it's like, now it's back to play for me. Right? Like now I got to have fun with it. I get it. Run experiments and just see what happens. Maybe it won't work. I'll tell you like, I, you know, I posted a tweet earlier today that was like, okay, if you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?

And now that you've got that figured out, what's stopping you. And somebody responded like, well, what if I don't like really have it figured. And I said, I'm going to tell you a secret, like I figured out a lot of things, most of them are wrong. Like that. That's okay. I was like, that's how we get progress.

Like one failure at a time. Right? Like, you know, you, you, you pretend you're right until you figure out you're wrong, you know? Like there's just, there's no right way to do things. Go out there, have fun break shit. See what happens. Right. Like see if he can put it back together and see if he could get back together differently.

Who knows? You know, like,

you know, when you were saying the word engineering in my head, I kept hitting it as fun ingenuity lately, social network, fun engineer.

He's

like engineered and fun because like, you know, if money is not the motivation, right? Because like I've always thought of, you know, it's like, it's the three F's, it's either fear that motivates.

It's like the fame, right. People want to be famous. It's fortune. Right. Which is money. Right. So that's pretty much it. And the anomaly that's missing, but it's actually the goal motivator, which people have just put cotton is fun. There's more often than not. It's like, oh my God, I'm poor. I have to make money.

So now you're doing it out of fear because you don't want to go back to being bulleted. You don't want to go back to living on the streets. So there's fear. That's motivated all you like, oh, you know, I need to be, I want to be an opera. So, you know, it's like fame, you want to be famous. You want to be known.

You want to have a million followers, that sort of thing. Or it's just like, you know, I want to be the richest guy on the planet. I want to be able to, you know, blah, blah, blah. So then it's, it's fortunate. But the key factor actually is fun. It's always fun. It's always been fun. It's never been anything, but right.

If you, if you look at it, even whatever it is, if, if it's any of the other apps, it's actually fun. It's the fun of getting it. It's like you said, it's the process of play. That's the reward, right? It's not what you get at the end of the game. It's not the score. It's not whether you win or lose the game.

It's the fact that you've played the game and even more important, you played the game with someone, right? That's the big deal. That's a big deal. I mean, that's the whole thing about working together, playing together, the key factors not work or play. The key word here is to get

the right. Yeah.

It's, that's what it is.

It's like, I'm always happy about the idea that you want to find play. You need to find a playmate first. That's the easiest way to go about it. Forget the game that, you know, what's my game, what works better for me? And by the physical kind of a person and my intellectual game, kind of a person do I want to play puzzles?

Do I want to like climb rocks? Do I want to like, you know, what do I want to know? Forget it. Forget it. Just find the person you want. Right. And automatically it's going to come out. It's just going to come out of the port of fuse. It's going to come out of a lot of you. It's going to, you know, it's like the whole phrase.

It takes a village. That's exactly it. It's, it's, that's why community is trending right now because it takes a village and the village is the community. I love

the that's something that I keep coming back to as well. Cause you know, I talked about kinda my, my childhood and kind of growing up with this idea of like, I can do everything.

And like, it's almost been this, like, you know, this idea of his rugged individualism there that is so prevalent in the U S and people don't always realize, like who's actually helping them because this idea of the individual is so prevalent, but that's never how it is. There's always a community behind them, whether they admit it or not, that doesn't matter.

You can't possibly do it all alone. Whether you're, you know, you're a founder, who's got a company around, like, I mean, there's a limit to what people can do alone. And the only way you can really affect things at scale is with the community. And that's something I would love to get people to see as like, you know, you don't even need a formal community.

You just need like a group of people who are connected in some way who decide to start moving in the same direction as. You can do incredible things. And it's like, people don't realize how much power they have. And I don't necessarily know how to get them to see that except by showing them like, so I, you know, kinda my whole thing is like, I I'm doing what I'm doing, I'm sharing what I'm doing.

I'm very, very open. And probably to the point you know, being too open with things, like if anybody asks about like my thought process for anything, like I will happily like go into every single trend I've been watching that explains, you know, in great detail, like why I'm doing things the way I'm doing them.

But I actually found out that most people don't care about all those details either, which is another thing, like, you know, figuring out the people who do care, right? Like that that's my whole thing is identifying the people who actually care and then focusing on them and like, you know, building that relationship right.

And making it stronger. And like, I have this very strong belief that if you focus on like what I call your super fans, it's really like your inner circle. It's about like the 10 people. I think that you interact with the most on Twitter, that that's kind of where I saw my analysis trending. And I said, if you focus on those 10 people and like you interact with other people too, but just focus on building those strong 10 relationships, your followers will start growing.

And like, I, I went through like a period of like a month and a half where I did like no outreach. And my follower number actually went down a little over a month and a half. And I, and then I started using like feather to help me focus on like specific relationships and make sure that I was seeing tweets and responding to specific people.

And it has been a steady line up ever since, like, I can look and you just, you see this line going up and I, and I lose very few and it's because like, I'm building strong relationships with other authentic people and people are drawn to that. Right. Like, cause you don't see it. And so when you do see it, it's something special.

And so I think if people realize like how much other people are actually drawn to authenticity, even while they're saying, no, you need to be very focused on what you're offering. Like what, you know, what, what, what service are you offering? Like what value do you offer the reader? And like, you know, my, my value is I am who I am like, yeah, I'll help you do stuff.

Like I say on my profile. But my biggest value is that I'm just going to be myself and I'm going to help you be yourself and we're gonna do it together and make it bigger. And so like, I think that Yeah, I think that that's just like where we need to go with it, get people to see that, you know, everybody's spouting off about all their opinions on like how little you should share on social media.

But now you should bring your authentic self. You don't need to tell everybody everything, but what you do say like, just be authentic with it. Like don't super Polish. It like my, my Twitter is very much like a running train of thoughts in my head that goes out and I've gotten better about like scheduling some of the things to keep me off of Twitter too much.

But you know, a lot of it is like just stream of consciousness like that. That's, you know, this is what I'm thinking about. And a lot of times I will go to Twitter to dump my thread in my head so that I can get back to whatever I'm supposed to be doing. Yes.

But, you know, you just said focus on those superfans focus on a small group of people and I've, you know, it just struck me that we obsessed with this idea of finding a niche, right?

Like, oh, this is my niche. This is my subject. This is what I need to do. This is what I want to do. What if the niche was not attained, but people it's like these people are my niche. Right.

They go boom. Right, exactly what it is.

Yeah. And I have been so grateful that you, you know, you're playing with this thing called feather and you're creating the CRM, you know, because in my head I've always been.

I am not working. I don't want to use a CRM tool, which is going to help me categorize my customers or my, you know, my, my, whoever I'm dealing with my clients, et cetera. I want to see her. I'm just going to help me play with the people because I don't remember. Like, I love people. I love interacting with people, but like two days later from now, I'll be like, oh wait, maybe I, what, what's his name?

What's his name? Was it the way we, and I won't be able to bring your name out because

it's not set up to, you know, be memorable. Like if somebody changes their profile picture, you don't know who it is anymore. Right. Like, and that, that's the biggest problem in, you know, I honestly, I hate calling feather a CRM because like, you know, it's like, I'm really wanting it to be like a customer relationship manager.

Right. Like, so that you can like build the relationships you want. But like I called it a CRM because that was like, it's like the best approximation of it. Right? Like, cause one of the things I looked at when I, when I was trying to figure out like, okay, how can we help people build stronger relationships?

I looked at, okay, well, who has to build strong relationships for work and you know, who does are salespeople? And so like, as I started looking at like how salespeople track relationships and, you know, do all that, I'm like. Well, I don't people on social media do this too, because it's like, when you start talking about large numbers of relationships, you need a way to manage it, or you're not going to be able to keep it all straight.

You're not going to be able to keep track of like who's who and, you know, names and faces. Like they all kind of blur together. And so I was like, what if we had like a, a CRM, but it has to be, I don't know. I want it to be flexible and I want it to be you know, something that people can use to build the relationships they want, because like, I don't, I don't want to prescribe relationships.

I'll offer some like templates and things and like a series of tools. But ultimately, like, I just. To help people build better relationships. And then so like whatever that takes like, oh, I'm happy to code it. I mean, the coding is fun. That's no big deal. It's just a matter of like figuring out like, okay, how can we actually do this?

Because so much is geared toward like, not building relationships. It's all about that instant satisfaction that, you know, the going viral, the you know, all of that. And it's like, how do we get away from that? And well, one person at a time, so I'm going around and I'm talking to everybody that I can to say, Hey, what if we did it differently?

Here's an idea. Let's try it. Let's see what happens. And so I think, you know, as I get the, the course of social engine, network engineers together, and, you know, try to really get this moving, I think this is going to be a lot of fun because, you know, it's, it's engineered, it's fun Janine, to be fun. Yeah.

I really see all of this coming together because in my head I'd be like, oh, CRM, PRM player, relationship management.

But you know, I'm trying to think of what it is about a village that works so well, the thing about the village that works so well is because we see each other for me, like my favorite image of a village is, is aspects. The goal, right? They had this little village aspects lived in this little village and there was this only village, of course that was not occupied by.

Right. Gentlemen, if you read these comics, but like asterix, the goal is this little comic of this little village in the middle of somewhere at the edge of France, where all of France has been taken over by the Romans, except for this little village, because they have a Drood who makes us magic potion drinking, which everyone becomes superhuman in the day.

They just beat the crap out of the room. Right. So they never get occupied. Right. But then just this little village of eccentric creatures, like all of these people, like, you know, someone's a blacksmith, someone's a fisherman's someone's this someone's that. And they have a chief. The idea of the village in my head is people who spots keep constantly crossing through the course of a day, through the course of a few frames in that comic.

Like they would be a bunch of characters constantly crossing, right. And if they didn't, they would have this grand little, a fight in the middle of the village square where everyone's bickering and, you know, trying to beat the crap out of each other and complaining bitching, whining, and, you know, conflict always brings people together.

Like it's, it's, it's amazing how that works, but it always brings people together. And I feel like one of the reasons that EJ experience works so well is just line of sight. We're constantly seeing that the same people repeatedly again, and again, it, even if it's not in an engaging fashion where I'm actually conversing with.

But I may be conversing with you, but someone else is passing by right now as we speak. And we both like, Hey, Hey, right. And that just happens. So now that's like a peripheral collateral exchange, but not really an intense exchange. Like what we're having right now, right now within social media, how can we recreate this experience?

How can we find created in such a way that our parts constantly keep crossing? Not necessarily to engage, but even just better for really we're just like, Ooh, someone went by and I think feeds do that. Right? Because we're constantly seeing each other, throw something out. So like feeds do that to a certain extent.

But I feel like where I lose that personally is feeds are hard to manage because I'm just lazy person who hasn't gone into figuring out how Twitter lists work. But there's also things that I want to remind. I wanted reminders saying, Hey, you haven't like you haven't spoken to Leo in the last 34 days.

Right. It could be something as specific as that. Something like some sort of an AI bot that says, Hey, the last conversation you had with Leo was 36 days ago. Do you want to send us, Hey, do you want to schedule a time? Right. Do you want to like create, you know, do you want to send them a tweet? You w what do you want to do?

Do you want to draw him a little squiggle so you can put it up on his wall? Right? Like, I don't know, but I want, I want something to remind me that, and that, that bot is now socially. One engineering, other relationship

at NC that that's not that I was looking at too, this idea of, you know, periodic like check-ins.

And so, you know, the feather it's like, I have these subscriptions, so you can subscribe to like individuals. And so, you know, I can guarantee you that on a daily or weekly basis, I'm going to see, you know, this person's tweets and, you know, I can then interact with the ones that I choose to. And like, it's amazing how powerful that is.

And just being able to like, you know, it have that like scheduled time that I can just say, like, I'm going, you know, it doesn't take a ton of time to go through it. You know, 10, 15 minutes even for, for, you know, a group of eight or 10 people. And it's it's amazing how powerful that can be, because again, it goes to that focus on like a single person.

And even if that other person isn't aware that I'm looking at their feet, right? Like it's still like in my head, my, you know, my brain sees, oh, we're, we're paying attention to this specific person. They must be important. And, and so like my interactions with them, you know, show that they're important, right?

Like that comes out because it's all very, you know, a lot of how we deal with this. Driven mostly by your subconscious. And so we can prime our subconscious to like, deliver the best possible results. But, you know, understanding that like what we look at and how we D how we put our attention on things actually matters.

And so, you know, the key to building relationships is that it requires time and attention. I mean, that over time that's how relationships are built. And so if our attention is fractured between 25 or a thousand different people, those relationships get built up very, very slowly. Right. Cause there's not a lot of effort being put in, but now a zoom call like this, like we're building up a very strong relationship.

There, there is a lot of like, you know, connecting going on here. And so you know, figuring out kind of this, like, it's kind of at a K function. Like, okay, well, how much engagement has actually like taken place between these two people and how much of a time span has elapsed since they've last spoken?

So it's actually a very fascinating, like math to me. Cause like, this is all, I love the math behind all of it. And I'm like, okay, well let's you know, we'll figure out some relationship math here. But yeah, you know, again, like it, it's a pretty simple. Basis and time and attention like that. That's really all it takes like, you know, and that's one of the things I'm talking about too.

It's like for, for a social network engineer, like you don't need a specific education, you know, you don't need any special skills. Like you have to be able to like talk to people and listen and connect them. Like, that's all it is. You can add layers on top of that, that can really expand breech and things like that.

But ultimately anybody can do it. And that's the path to success because it's like when you engineer your social network to be the social network you want, like it's a much happier place. And that that's something like I realized that lines, like I didn't have that core group of people. And then since I found people and I've started expanding that group, it's like my experience on social media, my experience in life in general is so much brighter and different now because it's just like, you know, I, I see the world through a completely different lens now because I see it through the lens of the relationships that I, that I've built and.

Yeah. Like, I, I just I'm excited to, to get other people to see that because it's, it's something that I think so many more people can benefit from. We don't build very strong relationships anymore. And so I think we, we see a lot of issues with mental health and all of that, because like, we just, we, we don't have those villages around us anymore.

Like we lost this idea of it takes a village. So you know, one of my favorite authors is Kurt Vonnegut. And he has driven a lot of my philosophy through life. Like I read all of his books in high school and just like really connected with his writing. And one of the things that comes up several times is the idea of like, it takes a village to raise children and, and, you know, like having that extended family support system used to be so, so important and it's really just collapsed.

And I think we're seeing the effects of that. And, you know, people that are, aren't able to figure out how to cope because we leave so many people just alone with, without that community support. And so the internet gives us the opportunity to start providing communities to people again, and, you know, helping match people with communities.

Right. That that's another part of like the social network engineering, like, okay, Hey, you know, you're interested in this, like, here's that group of people who are also interested in this and want to talk to you about this thing that you're really interested in. Cool. Like where do I sign up? Right. Like, so helping people find these online communities, because the people who have been online for awhile and, you know, since the beginning, like those communities have always existed online.

And like, I remember you being in several, like, you know, as a kid and like it, it, it dancing around, you know, different online groups and, you know, building relationships and things like that. And you know, then I got Facebook, which, you know, as a college student, it matched my social network. Cause that was very beginning of Facebook.

Right. So you had to be in college. And so my Facebook friends like matched the people I knew from college. And so like my social media matched Priya life. And that was great. But now it's like social media has taken off so much that it no longer resembles real life. So there's this disconnect and especially, you know, kind of bringing it back to where like it's as authentic as you put out there that you get back, right?

Like on social media, like if you're not authentically being yourself on social media and your social media doesn't match reality, like there's a very big mental disconnect that I think can happen. And so it's very important to like figure out how to bring your whole self into whatever you're doing online.

Because if you don't like you, you stand the chance of being fractured and like losing bits of yourself to this idea of like, you can only be a specific. Piece, right?

Yeah. It's also, you know, the idea that within the village there, like circus, right? Like you have a closer knit circle, you have people with whom you share everything, and then there are people with whom you don't share everything.

Right. And then they're like intersecting spaces between those two circles all within the village. So I'm really stoked about your idea of, you know, building feather in a way that feather understands this. For me, understands that, okay. I would love to spend two hours with Leo in and I would love my, you know, integration or what my periodic interactions to be more frequent.

Like I would love to engage with them every three days. Right. But there's someone else who's like, who's not Leo. Who's like monkey man. Right? Like just thinking of you as a lion and the thinking of the other guy, a monkey and the monkey is like, I want to interact with him. Like once in three weeks, just once in three weeks, not once every three days, just once every three weeks.

Right. And I would love to engage with monkey for just like 20 minutes, not put to us for just 20 minutes. Right. Like if I can like create these little understanding. My bandwidth and my intention to interact my intensity with which I want to, in fact, like quickly, you, I want to make video calls with monkey.

I just want it to be an audio call. I just wanted to beat like a DMX change or something of that. Caitlin. If I clarify this with feather, no feather starts understanding. Okay. So these are two or three groups of people that really has in mind. And like, you know, so each time I make a new connection and asks me, Hey, so do you want to put them in this group or this group?

Right. And then every quarter or something, it just re you know, we just do a spring cleaning and say, Hey, so we have a whole bunch of people in this group. And the three day, every three day group, and we have a bunch of people in the every three week group. Do you want to shuffle them around? Do you want to move people from this circle to that circle?

Like if I have this sort of a thing happening in the background and, you know, feather starts getting smarter as I keep making these connections. And it realizes, you know, from past history that, you know, I've been talking with Leo every three days for the last three months or for the last three years.

Right. Wow. Like now you, you get pushed up, you know, in the leaderboard, in my personal leader board of people I love interacting with. Right. And someone else monkeys, like, you know, he's moved from every three weeks to now every three months. Right. So he's moved a little lower down in the leaderboard. And now the next time, I'm just thinking, I'm just trying to do an, a review, like the whole annual review monthly review that we do with our data.

I would love to do that kind of review with my human personal, emotional. Right. Why are these, like in the last two years, I've been seeing a lot of the monthly review daily review, weekly review, annual review, and then the personal relationships. It's just one little segment. And I want to expand that because I feel like that is deep goal of what I am, the content that I'm consuming, the knowledge that I'm chasing, the information that I'm playing with, all of that is actually better for the core of who I am and how I'm interacting is the personal relationships.

So any sort of review has to start and focus with that core. Right. Right. Who am I engaging? Because right now, when you, when you brought up good one, good. I just realized that my association was through email because email is like a big fan. And I'm like, in my head, the moment you said good. I'm like, oh, he all right.

And I'm like, Ooh. So goats in the center ear loves good. Leo loves God. So like, she's right in the moment in my head, I'm like thinking, oh, the next time we have a conversation, maybe we should have it with all three of us together. And we could make centered on you. See what I'm getting at? Like,

and have

one feather to do this for me, because I am, I mean, I would love to do this for myself, but I'm not so process driven and I'm not so constantly aware of everything.

Like five minutes later, I would have forgotten that you mentioned God and that, you know, this connection wasn't meant to be. Feathers about feathers and is a piece of software, as I can remember for that can, you know, connect, but the can recollect, but I can regurgitate all this information and put it out there for me.

So if you can do this, if I can do this for me, I love the word feather now because I'm like, Ooh, that just made my life lighter. Right? Like light as a feather.

I haven't even considered that. That that's interesting. Feather was actually, it was funny, a friend of mine online I had asked for suggestions and T suggested feather.

He gave some like interesting reasonings, which wasn't what attracted me to it. But like, you know, feather for me, it's like, I see all the little like bits, like branching off. Right. And like you, you know, fanning out. And so for me, that, that was kind of this idea of like feathering, you know, the relationships and letting all that.

But I really liked the idea as like, let feather light in your relationship load. Although I don't, I don't want to associate relationships, so I have to play with that. But but yeah, that's the idea, right? Like use AI. Make human bond stronger instead of replace that human box, like it we're going the wrong way with AI and, and that's you know, and know I work with a company who's very heavy on AI, copy AI or AI, and then we're but we're, we're in so many cases like using AI for the wrong things.

And actually, I've, I've talked a bit previously about like training AI models essentially like on an individual basis, like exactly, like you said, like, so I, you know, watching you know, who you're interacting with kind of determining who these circles are, but then also like letting you interject like different people.

Like maybe you've got a friend who doesn't ever tweet and you're never tweeting him, but you like, oh, well I still want to keep track. And the other thing I want to do is I want to decouple relationships from platforms because I hate the fact that I have to go to Twitter to talk to some people in LinkedIn to talk to other people and Tik TOK.

No, I want to talk to people. I don't care what platform they're on. And so one of the things I really want to do is get it to the point where like, if I'm connected with you and you're like, you make content, like I can just see it. I don't need to go to platform Y and make an account and find you on there and follow you on that platform.

And no, I'm in a relationship with you, not the platform you're choosing. And so I think that's going to be a really big piece too, is like just, you know, take that ownership of that relationship because the platform might help you find that relationship. But the platform shouldn't own that relationship because the relationship exists outside of the platform.

It exists between two people, the platform isn't necessarily one second connection is made. It can help certain ways, but it's not needed. And so we need to make it not needed. That's my soapbox,

it's really trippy because I've been in my head, this whole CRM thing that came up for me was like, I was saying things like, I'm constantly, like if I have this interaction, then I go into like, obsidian is my note taking toy of choice.

And I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, Hey, I had this stupid conversation with, then I go hashtag convo and then with Leo. So now Leo's in like, you know, little brackets. And like, so now every time I click on this, this whole thing, how many conversations we had, what was it about, et cetera, et cetera.

But I'm trying to see if I can, Ooh, like that was when my brains are thinking about this whole idea of what if there's a plugin, which now reminds me that, you know, your last, the last time you tagged Leo was on so-and-so day. It's been three weeks. Like, what's up with you guys. Are you having, are you having a spot?

Like, are you having a love of school? Do you want to like kiss and makeup? Like what's happening. Right. And that's, I really think, I mean, that's. So hard to like recreate and,

you know no, I mean, it's not technologically challenging and that's the thing, like, it's just, it's, you know, the ability to like figure these things out and schedule them right.

And like, understand like how, how all they, how they connect and whatnot. But I think so I think you're really like this idea. So this is something you've been playing around with. So you know that you can have a pin tweet right on Twitter. I want to explore this idea of like having a profile page on feather, where.

There's actually like two sets of pin tweets. So there there's the pin tweets of the person who made the profile and said like, these are the five tweets that I think tell you the most about me, but then like I'm the other half of the page will be like five of the tweets. Like you pinned to that profile.

So like every profile view is dependent on the person viewing it because it's like, that relationship is independent, right? Like it's different from every other relationship. And so that profile page will show up differently to every person who visits it. And I just, I think that's a super cool idea and that's, that's something I'm excited to build.

We'll, we'll get there, but I thought that was cool.

That is, I mean, because like that is something that is so cool because that's what changes the game between single player and multiplayer, right. Because who I am now, I just think, okay, I believe I'm ready. And this is who I am. This is the kind of person I am.

These are my thoughts. These are my ideas. These are my philosophies. These are my analogies. This is how I live my life. This is how I interact with people. This is how bash I am outspoken I am or how conservative I am. Like, I have a set of ideas around who I am, right. And this is how and how I present myself to the world.

But each person seeing me sees me from a different perspective, exactly. Uniquely that perspective. So if I have a profile page, that is what I have created. It is not, it, it ought not to be the profile page that everyone else sees when they see. Right. But your idea is so much closer to what reality is, because now you create my profile page based on how you see me.

Right. Right. And someone else does the same. So everyone's seeing my profile page is actually seeing my profile page through their lens.

Exactly.

Right. Wow. I love that. I mean, because that now makes it personal. Otherwise it's just the same profile page, which I've created in my understanding of myself.

Right. But the beauty of this is like, I now can see myself through your eyes. Imagine if I could see the profile page that you have made for me. Like maybe that's private. Maybe it isn't, if it isn't, then I'm like, oh, damn, I didn't realize I was coming across this way, Leo. Right, right. Maybe you don't want me to know exactly how I'm coming across and you want to keep it private.

Well, that's fine. But if you, if we get closer and closer and you're like, dude, you know, I've been meaning to say this to you, but I couldn't, or I didn't want to, I wasn't sure. But Hey, this is how I see you take a look at this right now. I'm like, damn, this is not how I want to come across to you. Right.

And now we have some sort of a renegotiation of our relationship and we're like, no, what I want to do. And I feel like the soul. I think this is what we've been missing. This is what we've been missing in the world today. Because like you said, it takes a village in the village experience in the past.

Someone else would have said, dude, you think you, you you're this kind of a guy, but actually, you know what, Jennifer's have been seeing us seeing you like this. Right. And someone else a third party would come in and say, so this is what you look like to everyone else. Right. And because everyone's the whole village idea is that everyone's dirty.

Laundry is being washed in public. You can't really miss the village. You're like, you're hanging your laundry. Everyone knows everything. Right. And that's the, that's the thing. I mean like here, what's happening with our social networks today is everyone doesn't know everything. Only the big tech knows everything.

Right. And that's, that's the whole thing, right? Like, so context is everything and communication, right? And so a tweet provides so little context, you're relying on the audience for most of it. And that's why memes are so powerful because they contain the context within the tweet. And so this idea that.

Any communication to a wide group of people requires the same context. And when you're communicating with vastly different groups of people all at once, everybody's got a different context, which means everybody's interpreting the message different way, which is terrible way to communicate because, you know, it's like you know, something that I've learned as I learned how to communicate and writing and, you know, creating videos and podcasts, it's like, I'm responsible for what my reader reads or my listener hears.

Right? Like I have to understand what context they need in order to understand my message. And if they don't have that context, I need to make sure to provide that. And so I see everybody just like throwing these words around, like all Willy nilly and not providing context. And then, you know, everybody just fills in their own context.

And so what you have is you have, you know, you can have 15 different replies, all replying to a different message. You know, now on the surface looks like the same message, but it's been interpreted 15 different ways and it's. That is not a healthy way to communicate. Like we have to agree on a shared context because that's what relationships are, right?

Like, so in a relationship like we have a shared context, we have our own language, a way of communicating between just the two of us. And so if you have a better understanding of what that context looks like with the people that you communicate with on a regular basis, you know, that shared context becomes a very important piece of your reality, right?

Like you, when you have a group of people who can agree on a shared context, you can then build on that context and you, you know, create new ideas and new games, all sorts of like really cool things, but it all relies in that context. So as long as we're not trying to communicate with this shared context, then it also means that people can play off of that and, you know, use it for, you know, misinformation campaign.

There's all sorts of ways to use it poorly. But if we focus in on the relationship side of it, it becomes actually a lot harder for, for bad actors because it'll take time and effort to like build up those relationships and bad actors don't want to do that. They look for the easy scar, right? Like. Most people aren't going to sit there and try to, you know, spend a year building up a relationship in order to, you know, run a scam or take advantage of someone that's not, that's not how it works.

They don't care enough to do that. Right. And like, so that, that again, like I really want to bring it down to like, how can I figure out who cares and like focus on those people and, you know, not worry nearly as much about the rest, because it's all about like, you know, I get way more out of the people who care because they have that context.

You know, they, they, they, they know the history. We, we, we have some sort of understanding that we can base it off of. And it's like, that's where the true value comes in. It's not from the random internet stranger who tells him my stuff sucks. Okay. Thanks. Random internet stranger, like appreciate the read.

But I think I remember you talking about that at one point, where it's you like when you were like a teenager, like with the you know, what did you make? Okay.

It's so cool because you brought that up because the idea of this random internet stranger who hates on me now, it's amusing. Because again, time plays a factor here because if he's the same random stranger who keeps hitting on everything, I create. Then damn he's my superfan, right? Just by what you have the frequency of interaction, he's now catapulted themselves into my upper levels of my leaderboard.

Right? Because now I'm like, dude, if this guy cares enough to hit on me every single time on every piece of content, there's something here I'm missing. He's just the friend, this enemy, the so-called enemy. I'm imagining, it's just a friend. I, I'm not realizing I have. Right. Right. And now this is a movement moment in terms of my relationship understanding, right.

I'm like, oh, now I can take it for that. I'm like, dude, we have to engage. Get on a call with me. You can hate me all. Like, but I need to know that something here, that report missing on

right there, there's some connection there. Even if it's like a bad one, right? Like there there's some reason that, that, that connection is made.

That, that that's really fascinating. Yeah. I hadn't, I hadn't quite thought of that, but you know, that, that is an interesting one. Makes you wonder like how people do that. I think again, like it goes to this people build up weird, like models of other people in their heads, you know? Cause I, you know, social media so bad again, it's like.

You don't know how much of what you've said people have seen and that's something else I want to take care of because I really, I want to focus on people who I know are seeing the stuff that I write. So I don't have to repeat myself all the time. And cause that's, that's inefficient and inefficiencies bother me.

And especially inefficiencies that communication like that. So it's like, how do we make sure that everybody's seeing everything because when you only see like, okay, well maybe you see like two parts out of 20 that when you put those together, make me seem like a terrible person because of some weird connection between those two parts that, you know, don't fit the whole story.

But if you just take those two parts out, they, they, they technically fit. And it, it, it does make you wonder like, okay, well, how can we address that? Like, well, maybe you just need this third piece of content that makes you understand like, oh, well actually that was wrong. Granted, it's usually not that easy to convince strangers on the internet that they're wrong, but it is possible.

I've done occasionally, but

even if it's not drawn, right, even if it's not right or wrong, like this idea that we're now playing, like in the playground, that's the beauty of it. You could be wrong. I could be right. I could be right. You could be wrong or vice versa. Either ways. It doesn't matter what the fact that engaging is the key, because when I think of right and wrong, I'm again, thinking of retreat and defeat, right?

The idea that the truth is outside of all. Possible perspectives, right? It's like, so I could be right again, this is where your idea of context comes into the picture. It's like my perception of the context was making me feel like this was like, your perception of the context was making you feel like this was right for you.

Right. And I was sobbing vice versa, but I feel like that's the beauty of play because it allows us to both get out of our own heads, get out of our perspectives, get out of our viewpoints and just say, fuck that. We're just going to play for now. Maybe you're right. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm right. Maybe you're wrong.

It doesn't matter. The fact that engaging right now makes it so much more music. Like if I'm engaging with my head again and again, every single tweet I put out, the guy has like a, like, I even thought of creating an old, like, you know, like I'm typically not the person who creates an all, because I'm like, fuck that.

I mean, like if I have something say that shitty and I'm going to lose followers, I'm going to just going to say it any which ways. Right. I'm not, and I'm not very shy of speaking my mind. So I'm like, I don't need an alt, but I was so stoked with the idea. And I think the only reason I didn't create it because was Twitter was like, you know, your numbers been taken on your emails be taken.

And I was like, oh, this just too much effort to create an all like, fuck that. But I wanted a kid, an alter ego, which is exactly antagonistic to everything I put out. If I create a three thing, play more, this guy comes in and says like, fuck that, work more. Fuck. Everything. I say, he comes in with an antagonistic point of view and I was like, oh wow, this is so nice.

I mean, if someone doesn't engage on my content, I'm going to be like, I'm going to go in and engage from an, from an alternative perspective. And I'm my worst enemy.

That's actually incredibly valuable viewpoint. That's something I've always tried to do. It's like if I don't agree with somebody, I try to work back to a point where we do agree and figure out where the disconnect is because, you know, I don't think we realize that on most things, it's just the slightest difference, you know, somewhere in the thought process that branches out wildly divergent by the end.

But it's like just one little key detail that we disagree on. And it's like, so if we can, like most of the time that key detail doesn't even actually matter which is always fun. But it's like, you know, you kind of try to trace back and figure out like, okay, well, where can we agree on it? And you know, like most of us agrees on like the fact that a lot of problems are problems.

Cool. We might disagree on the solutions, but like, if we're wasting time arguing the solutions, we're not fixing the problem. Like, okay, well, what if we just work on fixing the problem and see whose solution actually works? You know, data driven and whatnot. But yeah, like I, I, so much of life spent arguing about details that don't matter in the long run.

And so it is always interesting to like, take that opposing viewpoint. And I do that a lot. Like, you know crypto for example, I, I see a lot of like value in crypto and I, I see a lot of like distractive tendencies and that behaviors that crop up everywhere and it's like, okay, well, there's good and bad in everything.

Right? Like, so we've got to like figure out what's good. Take that, discard the bat and constantly improve it that it's like, as soon as you're dismissing a viewpoint, like straight out, like you're wrong. And because like everybody is right from their perception. And so understanding like. What that perception of theirs is and why they end up, like, why that's their perception.

It is such a valuable viewpoint to be able to have, because it's like, you know Charlie Munger, I think has a viewpoint that like he has a quote that's along the lines of like, I try to know all of my opposition's arguments better than they do or something along those lines. Right. Like, it's this idea of like, I won't invest in anything, but I can't, you know, talk about all the bad points on it because you know, you've got to have that level of understanding.

And so too often, we, we just dismiss people because we think that we like disagree with them fundamentally. And it's like, really, like, not that different, oh, humans are

three really,

really closely linked together. Like, it's not like we, we don't need to hate each other man. Like come on.

Yeah. I mean, like, and you know, it's, it's also like that the fact that we do hate each other is like, it's like a, it's almost like it's, it's, it's a magical door to a new level of relationship, because I feel like when we don't hit each other, it's almost like our relationship is at a stalemate, right?

Like if you look at it, it's only the relationships where we are deeply involved, where head starts to creep up and not just creep up. It grows. Right. But what time damn that right? Or it's like, damn, that guy's an asshole. I just, like in the moment I started feeling these things in my head, these thoughts and emotions cropping up.

I'm like, oh, this is a sign that there's something here. Like, this is a good sign because I started looking at it. Maybe it's a bad thing that's happening in the relationship, but it's a good sign that this relationship is moving towards a different level, a deeper level. And it ends in level. Right? So for me, I'm like, you know, like if I were to like program feather as my AI to help me, if I would, I would program it to say, Hey, this is a good sign, like a red flag in the relationship, but it's a green flag towards growing this relationship.

It's like a green light towards growing with relationship. I'll be like, oh, red flag. Right. And it brings my attention there. The moment has got, my attention is like, okay, look, this is a red flag now, but this is also a green light towards taking this to a better place. Like, why are you hitting on each other?

What are you hitting on each other about? Right. And how long has this been happening? How often has this been happening? And once I go through that little introspective process, which, which again, magically is what feather does for me, because feather says is now besides giving me past data. Right. Because if I think of it, this is like a psychoanalytical process.

It's like, okay, what happened in the early childhood? What happened later? What happened in your teens? And how did this happen? How did it affect you? All of those questions can be happening through fatter within the context of that particular relationship. It doesn't have to ask me about everything. Like what happened when he first fell off a cycle?

How did you feel when kids were laughing at you? Well, that's another thing that's for another day. That's another context. That's another thing, but this is about how did you feel the last time Leo came on a call and he didn't say hi to you and he spoke to someone else, but did you feel like, oh, rejected or did you feel neglected now?

Those are questions that I can link because I think that's something that's common between, again, both of us is the fact that we're both, you know, deeply and keenly involved towards or interested in the idea of mental health. Right. And meant to, well again, because I feel like that's what play does. It, it creates a sense of mental health is

mental wealth,

right?

Because mental health is almost like a very narrow spectrum that society wants us to fit into. But mental wealth can be the same level of richness because I feel like we're only as rich as our relationships. How deep is my connect with you? How broad is my connect with you? Can I speak to you about a hundred different subjects?

Or can I just speak to you about one subject, but that one subject I can go really deep. Right? And then there's someone else with whom, like, you know, we don't necessarily go deep into stuff, but we touch upon every damn thing numbers. Right. And I feel like if it's, I really think you're onto something really big with feather, because everything is about managing relationships every damn day.

Everything in human nature is all about relationships. We put a lot of different faces on it, but it's all basic human relationships. And, you know, as someone, you know, this is something that like, I, it's weird because I'm really just recently discovering this. So I come to the realization that I'm autistic.

And so this has caused struggles for me growing up and empathize a lot with that, you know, like data from star Trek, the, that the Android. Right. And for, for so long, I kind of like tried to give up being human and kind of like got sucked into kind of my own head. And just again, no, that corporate life doing nothing but working and couldn't feel sorry, dog there.

You know, I. I felt like I couldn't express who I actually was. And so I can, I'm trying to hide this. And so, but what I realized is like, I was depriving myself a few haven't connection and like, I just didn't think I could do it. Right. I've had nothing but struggles. And so it's but once I kind of figured out like, oh, I just, I, I see things differently, I think differently.

And there were other people who think differently and that I could talk to them and we can, you know, have these connections, like that was opening for me. And it's like, wait, like I can connect with people again. And that's what everything is. Like all of a sudden it was like the, the, you know, the door opened, the light shined in and everything made sense.

Like, it's all about these relationships. And so, you know, it's, it's funny that this, this is like how I get here, because for so long, I tried to just shut myself off to relationships because relationships are painful. Like I, you know, there are things happening. I don't understand my, how I don't understand what's happening in my head.

Like when things are going on, it's all very confusing and loud and it's but yeah, it's like, you know, I, I really do. I'm just so excited to like, be doing this and that that's part of it. Like, it's fun for me. I get to go out and they get to meet interesting people and it's forced me to push through like, you know, my, my comfort zone.

I've, I've blasted out of it at this point now, but I did it with, you know, repeated practice and then playing around with things, you know, exploring things, putting out stupid videos and like things where nobody watched like that, all sorts of things out. Like, I have videos on YouTube, but like probably zero views.

Like I, I didn't even watch it. And like, but that didn't matter. I mean, starting out shit, I responded to scam DMS to get used to like just talking with people, like just, you know, I, I knew it was a scam. I knew what they were after, but I talked to him like back and forth just to practice, right? Like.

And, you know, I, I, I don't know how many other people would consider doing stuff like that, but it helped. And, you know, it was one of those I realized like, I've got to get better at it relationships. I've got to get better at communicating with people. And there's going to be some awkward moments. There were like, I've misunderstood things and I've misinterpreted things and it's all good.

It's been a learning experience. It's been fun. And I've been able to actually like connect with people on such a deep level that like, you know, I, I don't know what I was doing before, without it like, it's mind blowing how much of a difference it can make. And, you know, like my mental health is 10 times what it was because I'm finding that mental wealth because like I finding those connections, it's like the one thing I missed there that I didn't realize from beautiful.

Yeah. I mean, so, you know, tripped out on this idea that how you build your comfort with relationships with really even the idea of calling it, a relationship is something that I'm, you know, I'm constantly juggling with in my head because I'm like, relationship is a ship is a finite thing and a sh a ship fucking sinks.

And eventually, so the late thing feels in my head, like whenever I'm thinking of something, I'm like, Hey, we have elliptical. Relating feels like a present continuous thing. It's like something that we're constantly doing. It's like, real-time, it's a word. It's an actionable something. Relationship is like a known, it's like a fixed thing.

It's something that's been done. Right? It's it's there. It's not something that needs my active attention, but the moment I add the word ING, like, you know, those letters relating, it's like something that's constantly beckoning me to do something right now. How are we relating? Right. It's like, and I feel like, again, man, I keep coming back to this, that feathers, this thing that it keeps the ING can relationships, right.

It removes that little ship and puts back the IMG because it's constantly saying, Hey, you guys have been in a relationship for this long, but what have you been doing now? What's been happening recently. Like, you know, you haven't been doing the ING in this relating, right? So here's a few suggestions that I have send them a DM, send them a video, send them, Hey, you know, send them something funny you found on Instagram today.

Like, you know, it could be anything. Right. And, and I feel like this is what it, the, the AI or the bot or the software becomes the social networking functioning in this case, right. Engineers like improving our relationship. And you had to do that manually. You had to like engage at practice. You had to do all of that manually, but now you're creating this, this software.

That's going to do it for everyone. Else's.

Yeah, it's just going to make it easier. Like, you know, it's something that is remarkably difficult for as easy as it should be. But I, I think your interest, you, you touched on something interesting there too, is this idea of relationship like being something sinks and something that has an ending?

I think that's actually a really important part that sometimes we forget like some relationships end and that's okay. And a lot of times we don't always like one of the key points on feather is that for relationships to exist, both parties have to agree with it. It's very consent based and opt in. And you know, like, I think like with emails, so there's this idea of like, you know, building up an email list as a creator so that you have like this access to their inbox.

The problem with that is like, this access just goes on forever and companies and creators and everybody like totally abuses that. And that's why all of our email boxes are constantly overrun with shit just all the time. And so, you know, I think one of the things that, that I would love to do with feather is like set specific boundaries around like different types of relationships and like, yes.

Okay. Here's a line of communication that you can use for the duration of this relationship, but once it's over, it's over and you lose that access. And if it comes around that we needed again, that's fine. But we don't just need to leave that line of communication open forever because there is an ending and that's okay.

And all too often online, it's like just stuff is left out forever because there's no need to clean it up or whatever. And it's, again, it's inefficient and I don't like that. So you know, I think that, you know, it's important to remember that, you know, some relationships are temporary and that's okay too.

And if you're focusing on like building stronger relationships, it's a lot easier to let those ones go because you've got the, the ones that are strong to, to carry you.

Wow. This is where data comes in, right? Like this is how we should be using a personal data. We should be using

someone else

should be using that data.

Like imagine this data, which says, Hey, you had an awesome relationship with X, Y, Z for the last six months. But you guys haven't spoken in the last three months since, so what's been happening. Do you want to resubscribe to this? If you need to risk a scribe or you're willing to put in the effort, it has to be like a double opt-in like, you know, I'm going to, you know, this is what I suggest you do.

Like send in three messages, do this, this, this, this, and if the person responds back, then we can, you know, we can consider this a continuing relationship if you don't want to send it. Well, then that's probably where it ends. If you send your stuff, but the other person doesn't really respond or it's a very relatively cold response and, you know, okay, this isn't going anywhere.

Just let it fade away. Right. Right. And now it's not something sorrowful. It's just like, oh man, okay. We have a little, you know, highlight reel of that little relationship saying that, oh, these are all the fun times we had. And you know what I mean? It's like, that's what, that's what softwares do. Right. It can say, Hey, look, these are all the fun times you had.

Do you want to resubscribe to this relationship? Or do you want to let it be, do you think that it's past prime and it's, you know, it's better to just let it fade away into, into, you know, post. Perfectly fine. Right. I think this helps us understand and relate with our own emotions of how we are thinking, right.

Soto. Okay. That relationship has ended, right? Here's some images to go through for a little bit of nostalgia, but if you're watching the same thing every single day, you're ruminating on the past, let it go, let it go. Let it go. Right. And here's what you need to be focusing on this one. Person's been trying to get on your, get your attention for the last three weeks.

What are you doing? Right. I mean, my God, this is like incredible. This would make us all such happy people.

That's the goal. I mean that, that's it like it, you know, it seems so simple, but it's also really foreign at the same time. It's this weird mix.

I mean, it is simple, but it's typically bandwidth, right?

Like being mindful of what my emotions are, what my feelings are, what my thoughts towards the person. And also being mindful of, you know, the objective aspects of the data. But when did I meet last? When did we speak last? What did we speak about last? How long did it last? Well, you know, how good, bad or ugly was that last interaction?

It's really incredibly hard to maintain all of this data specialist since our scale has increased to beyond. I think our brains were competent enough to continue to keep all this data in place, as long as it was within that, you know, Dunbar's number. And we had that constant recollection by constantly seeing each other visual line of sight, line of sight, special awareness being in the same proximity, having jobs and interactions, which would make us engage, even if we didn't want to wait if we had had a spat and things like that, right?

The whole idea of being in a village took care of all of that. And our brains were wired to do that. But today, when we don't have that line of sight, when we don't necessarily have physical proximity, when we certainly don't have human contact anymore, because I feel like context, another big space, which is lost to us in the digital world, right.

We have never even shaken hands. We never even had a warm hug. Right. We have never even shared a high-five right. So there's so much of that lost between two human beings that now we need something like this. We need an software. We need AI. We need to take care of all of that in the background. And to even like give suggestions and say, Hey, so in a way, I, I, I'm almost seeing feather as my conscience of sorts.

It's like saying, Hey, you guys, haven't spoken. What's been what's happening. Right. It's almost like it's, it's a part of my conscience. It's become something that's taking care of the things that I am missing out on. And it's reminding me, it's almost like I'm Batman and this is like my. At a spread of sorts.

And he's like, except that instead of helping me fight crime, Alfred is helping me fight the, you know, the crazies in myself, which makes me kill relationships. It makes me walk away from humans, which makes me walk away from interacting the other. It's something that's helping me get better. Feel better, engage, better, play better with each other and move out of being in the single solo player experience of life into this more holistic, happy, healthy multiplayer experience of life.

Absolutely. My drop another link in the chat for you. So at one point I was actually helping out on a team that developed this hugs app. And so the idea was to be able to kind of reproduce some of the idea of hugs and it's like during a pandemic. Right. So yeah, like firstly, like I, I'm not involved with the team anymore.

It kind of disbanded, but one of the guys kept going with it and it seems like he's got a team that's like coming together with them. So that, that might be interesting to follow. It's, it's kind of a cool way to, to connect with people like when, when you can't be around them and you know, kind of reconnect it just, it's not quite the same, but you know being able to.

Intentionally do something in place of a hug and in place of that touch, like even though it's not the same, I think it does a good job of like approximating it enough that the benefits are there. And yeah, I think it's, it's, it's a pretty cool idea. Like I thought it was neat when I, when I was part of the team and unfortunately, like, we weren't able to get it off the ground as much as we wanted, like in kind of the limited time we had.

But yeah, it's, it seems like it's getting a bit of a revival, so we'll see how it goes from here.

Yeah. You know, on that note, I was just wondering if, how do, how, how as a software developer, do you see some sort of an ecosystem like this? There's another guy I've been speaking with Alexander, who's creating this idea of a, note-taking always like he sees the entire operating system as like the not taking ecosystem rather than just have like obsidian, Rome, any of the note-taking tools, but rather than create the whole thing, like every interaction we have, like if I send an email, that's part of the us, if I, you know, send them that message, if I'm watching something, everything is part of this interconnected operating system, including a personal knowledge management experience.

Right. And in a sense, like what if it wasn't just knowledge of like, when we think of PKM, it's almost. Personal knowledge management. Right. But it's just, it's actually anything but possible because it's all external. Most of it is external, like 80% of it external, like most people journaling their own thoughts and their PKM is less than 20% of the things, because most of it is book notes and things like that.

And external data being included in one's personal knowledge. But what if you look at like what feather is doing or what I imagine it to do is for me as a personal relationship management, right? Like everything, my relationship with a human, my relationship with this book, I read by relationship with this author, my relationship with this video, my relationship with this software that I interacted with my relationship with everything.

So it's almost like, excuse me, how do I create, like, you know, this also comes into the idea of a plugin ecosystem, right? Like if federal is this ecosystem that integrates with everything that I do, how can it integrate with my email? How can it integrate with my chat? Because I think there's something that you touched upon earlier about, you know, not having this platform, independence, not.

Limited to a single platform.

I'm going to grab a blog post. Here is one of the first ones I wrote. And essentially, but I described called it the human API. I haven't actually read this in a while. I'm going to have to go back over it too, but yeah, the, the, you know, the idea of an API is to kind of explicitly create the, these different types of relationships.

And I think what you were touching on is actually really important in terms of like managing your relationship with software and everything. Cause it's like, everything is bombarding us for attention, but if instead, what if it came to a place that we could define priority so that we were able to see the stuff that mattered.

And so this idea of the human API was really like where I started with this. Like, you know, trying to essentially set boundaries around yourself as a person and let different systems plug into that. Right? Like, because one of the things that really annoys me is the difficulty in like switching from one system to another, because like one company has my data, but I want to switch to this other company.

So like I'm responsible for like taking all of my data from the one company, pulling it in and getting it to the other company. But if I actually Oh, and my data, I could say, well, this company isn't doing what I want to anymore. So I'm just going to go over here all of a sudden, like I'm at the center of that, right?

Like I'm in control of my data. I'm in control over who uses it. And I think that is a hugely important thing. And actually I spent, when I was still at my corporate job, I had this huge plan and I was going to do for like, you know, we had, it was in a healthcare company and I said, okay, look, we can do this with like healthcare data, all we need to do again, we get everybody's data is pretty much in like three databases, right?

Like it's like you, you know, Google's cloud offering Amazon's cloud offering and Microsoft cloud offer. It's all there. All we need to do is reorganize it to me. Oh, and by the person and it actually like, it also has some interesting effects on like security and everything too, because a lot of that becomes way easier because like, if somebody hacks a personal database, a single database really isn't worth that much high target, like high value ones will be, but you can't hack a database and get all the data.

And so from that aspect, it's really powerful. So anyway, I spent like three months outlining this plan because I knew I had this like meeting with a VP and you know, so essentially I went into this meeting with an idea and I asked for like, twenty-five million dollars budget. Cause I have no idea what money is.

And I just picked a number. And essentially the guy laughed at me and was like, that's not how any of this works. But you know, then he said something like, wow, he's like, if you, he goes, I come from a startup background. He's like, if you really think you have something, you should go for it. And I literally quit the next day.

I was like, okay, I'm done. Because the other part of that conversation was he said, well, but now that you've like told us about it, if you build anything, we're going to own it. Like, we're not gonna give you any resources, but we're going to own it. And I'm like, wait, what. How does any of that? Like what, and so, yeah, that was a, that's when I quit my job and decided I'm going to try a lot to start up and then I realized I have no idea how to launch a startup, but I'm gonna try anyway and spent, you know, six months bouncing around ideas, it way to wrap it a pace and learning all sorts of shit so fast.

But yeah, it was, it was quite the experience and like, the people I've met in that, it like, it was awkward at times. Like at one point I was in like a networking call with somebody, like talking about markets. Like this isn't a real thing. Like I'm, I'm like, but I was like, this is what business people do.

Right. Like they, they talk about markets and like, I don't know, like I'm just making all this shit up as I go along. Right. So I'm sure people thought I was weird along the way, but I also like met some pretty cool people and like started building this like rapport and, you know, being able to like communicate better and learning how to actually like talk to humans again, because apparently I got really bad at it for a while.

But you know, yeah, just like bouncing around and figuring shit out. Like it's amazing how far that'll get yet. Like you just have to be willing to screw up a lot. It's a lot easier when, when people are around to help and I'd like to make failure less permanent and like fatal in instances, like, you know, in terms of some of that, but.

Yeah, man. I dunno. It's a lot to a wild ride.

Yeah.

Wow. I think it was what you're describing almost feels like you moving, transitioning from a solo player game, single player game to

multiplayer. That's exactly what it is. I mean, and I tried it first. Like I tried to do everything myself because I kept like, in my head, all I needed to do was figure out like enough to raise money, to hire people.

Because like, you know, I'd be like, I've got this idea of how all of this will work and kind of like, I know I can't do it alone. So I'm like my only way is to hire people. And what I found out is like, it takes more than that to like, you've really have to get people behind you. But you can do that without paying them.

You can do it by just building relationships, sharing stories, amplifying people's stories, like helping each other out, putting effort into your social network that then benefits the entire network. And that's where this whole idea of social network engineering came from because I realized like the fastest progress I made was through the relationships.

Because it's all about like, knowing who to ask for what and say, okay, I can just ask this person and that's been something that's been hard for me. Like I'm still really bad at asking for help. Like I want to dig into it and figure it out myself, but I I'm getting that. So we'll, we'll say I'm aware of the, the problems working on it.

Which is I can do it. Right? Like things don't think don't things don't change overnight. So being aware of it and working to fix it is the best I can do for now.

Yeah. That is it's incredible. I love that idea. That just being a bear, if you ask me, I think just being aware, it's actually 80% of the job.

If you think of the whole BETOS concept of 80 20, I really think, fuck it, tackling the problem. Forget trying to find a solution, forget, you know, just seeing it is 80% of it. Right. And we don't realize that often enough, we don't realize that it's even in relationships. And I think that's why for the so awesome.

Because feather just makes you see things. It just makes you aware of things. Like in a way, it, I mean, that's what I'm imagining it to be. It could be something else, but in my head I'm like, Hey, it allows me to see the relationship. I've built. I mean, like, I don't know, wishfully, maybe you have a craft, maybe you have just, you know a list of things that I've done.

Maybe you have like a timeline of other relationships. I don't know how you're going to visually present the data to me, but the fact that you're allowing me to see my relationship, because right now I don't have a B I mean, like, I will have to go and search through telegram images, Twitter, DMS, emails, phone logs, so

fragmented everywhere.

I can't stand it. Yeah. And that's exactly it. Like, I can't keep track of it because it's everywhere. And that kind of comes to the motivation of like how I've got this like idea in my head of how social networks look and when I'm analyzing social networks, like I can see all the connections. I haven't figured out how to like put it into a visual, like image that other people can like see of their own social networks yet.

But like there there's something in my head that I'm trying to get out, but it's like this image and really it's just, again, it is being that awareness. And I actually think just being aware of something, I think our subconscious does a really good job at putting us on the right track to solving that.

Like, if we see a problem that we know it's problem and it's something we care about fixing. Even if we don't like do anything, I think we'll tend to find that the problem was fixed. And that's something I've found in like a setting, you know, trying to set habits and do things like, you know, to, to get healthier and to, to approach things differently.

Just having the intention of wanting to solve a problem and doing something just to, to have the awareness of like, oh, this is a problem. Like our brains are really good at fixing stuff. Like, are you familiar? You're familiar with the Alexander technique. There there's a guy on Twitter.



Yes.

Yeah. So like, I I've been really fascinated, like following his stuff because of yeah, I think, I think there's so much there. This idea of just like letting go and, you know, our brains are so incredibly powerful. Most of the time we're fighting them. And you know, a lot of what I do on anymore is I follow a lot of my gut instincts.

I try to chase them down. I look for fun and I build relationships. And, you know, probably, I don't know how it's going to end up, I think it's going the right direction. Like it's, I've already made like some, somebody made a comment I'm like, oh, I'm really rooting for you and feather. I'm like, that's really great.

I super appreciate that. But it's already helped me build strong relationships. So I've already won. I can't lose now. Like anything beyond here is house money. Right? Like it's just so you know, that's a really powerful mindset. Like if you know anything on top is a bonus. Yeah. I can't lose, like I've already won and have fun along the way.

Even, even your relationship with yourself is a relationship relationship with how, with my thoughts, my feelings, with everything that I'm experiencing with my sensations, everything is relationship. Like I could feel something, I could touch something cold. I feel cold, but how do I relate with that? Right.

Do I rejected? Do I embrace it? Do I play with it? You know, what do I do? I mean, like everything, once I start seeing everything as a relationship and I like the idea of play being in an engagement and exploration of a relationship, right. If I'm playing with my phone, it's, it's my idea. It's my it's, it's an exploration of this relationship with.

My relationship with this object. Right? And it's like, we always like, this is something I've been recently talking about. The idea that we always think I need to work on my relationships. Not doing well with my wife. You don't like we having trouble, you know, managers and going somewhere. I need to work on it.

No, no, no, no, fuck that. You need to play with it. Right. You need to play with it, to you to engage in it with it in a different way. Like, if I've been like, that's the beauty of kids, what do kids do you give them a phone? They're not going to like, press buttons and try to figure it out. I mean, like if they do, you're like, oh, my kid is so smart and figured out how to use the iPhone.

I know if the kid picks it up and tries to break it, smacks it around, throws it around. That's what we need to learn from the kid is like, how can I see this, my relationship with this object apart from my perception of how it should be dealt with, right? How do I see it from a different perspective? How do I see this relationship from a different perspective?

And if our minds on ego enough or open enough to explore from all the various 360 degrees of perspectives that we can look at a certain object or relationship or substance from then AI does it for us. AI says, okay, you've been looking at this relationship from this angle for the last 20 days for the last 20.

Why don't you find looking at it from this side? Why don't you try looking at it from this site? And it's easier to get an AI to open up its mind and think of different perspectives than a conditioned human mind, which is conditioned by society, by norms, by, you know, by, by everything that people around us have told us to believe.

And by our own rigid conditionings of how we have settled ourselves into this little perspective, as we see as the. Yeah.

And

actually, you know, I, I love how you're talking about like relationships with everything, because that's how I view the world now. Like that, that is totally like how I look at the lens.

And so one thing I found that it's been incredibly helpful for me, especially like getting outside my comfort zone is once I figure out where my relationships at, I set those boundaries, right? Like, so this is where the relationship exists. Once those boundaries are in place, I can start playing with those boundaries.

What happens when I extend this way? What happens when I extend this way? But the key is you have to know where those boundaries are and that's something I'm really keen on the feather, like setting those boundaries explicitly so that you can expand them and contract them as needed because you know, like relationships change over time, our ability to like deal with different types of relationships change over time.

So if like, if you can see those boundaries, like in your relationships, if you can adjust them and play with them and, you know, see what happens, like I think that makes it a much safer experience. Like if you don't know where your boundaries are, when you're playing you, you know, you're, you're constantly at odds with, with play.

But if you know where your boundaries are and you say, well, actually in this case, I really want to extend them this way to see what it's like to experience that, to play with it. Then it's safe. It's controlled. You can always pull back. I found. Right. And that that's mutually. Exactly. And like, so, you know, you, you play with your relationships between people or in this case technology, if I'm like, I do it a lot with like, you know, as I pay attention to like, you know what I'm doing online, like, okay.

So I'm aware of what I'm doing online. Let's set boundaries. Let's say I'm going to do it this way. And then as I start to establish that, I say, okay, well, now that like, I've got this boundary set, I can extend it and am, I can push myself out of my comfort zone and I can do things that maybe I wouldn't have done before, because I know where my boundaries are.

I know how far I can push myself. It's all very conscious. And you know, again, it doesn't always work out, but that's okay. Like it's, it's, it's a constant process. And being aware of those boundaries is so empowering, just because, you know, you, you understand like where they lie and then you, you, you get this very powerful sense of self, which, which I had kind of lost.

Cause it's like, I wasn't good at setting boundaries. And so like, all I was doing was just like experiencing, like everybody else's worlds that were thrust upon me because I didn't have my own boundaries that I didn't know how to. And so figuring out how to set those boundaries and then expand them. Was life-changing for me it's seriously was because it's like, okay, well, I can actually, like, I can set these boundaries.

I'm in control of it. Like, I, I, I know who I am now. Like I'd lost that before. Cause it's just, you know, something that get very overpowered and figuring out like who your true self is, is, you know, like it's such an interesting feeling like, you know, I I'm, I'm still discovering it, but it's also like, I am it now.

It's, it's a very weird, like, I am my true self now. And I'm still discovering who that person actually is, but I'm at least in control of it now to where like I can say, well, I want it to be this person, I think. And you know, again, like I, I thought like I wanted to be a person who was really like motivated by money and I'm going to go out and like raise a whole bunch of money.

And like, I couldn't really do it. And I think it comes down to like, it wasn't authentically me. Like I I'm in this to make a difference. Like, I can't care that much about the money and I can understand the money and I understand why it's needed. That's not the important part. The important part is the relationships.

So what focused on the relationships and the money will come. So now that's yeah,

man. I'm so happy you found. A comfortable relationship with yourself. This is how I want to live with myself. And this is how I want to relate with the world. And, you know, there's this idea that like, in my own head, I'm thinking right now, like how can I create some sort of an actionable, you know pipeline or another goal of them for my relationships with the world?

Like how do I start categorizing my relationships with the world? Like I, in my head, I'm thinking, okay, frequency and experience, time and energy, diamond, energy, frequency, and experience like time is like, how often do I want to relate with these people or this person or this experience? Like, I love biking.

So do I want to bike every single day? Do I want to do it on weekends? Do I want to do it at once a month? Like, you know, I can put an experience. I can categorize it in terms of time. Right. And I can categorize in terms of energy. Like when I, in fact with this, is it good, bad at right? Every time I just got myself a new bike and I've been writing it on, but I've been falling because I'm new to it.

It's a different kind of an experience. And every time I'm falling. So currently it's ugly because like I fall down, I break some parts and like, you know, something else, the bike needs some repair and there's a whole, the experience is not good. It's not bad. It's almost in the experience of ugly because every single time I do that, if I'm going to get hurt or if I'm going to get like, have to do the bears, it's not a good experience.

Right. But over time it moves from ugly moves into bad, but there's a mix of good and ugly, right. And overtime, if I continue, if I maintain the momentum of time that I'm devoting every day, every week, every month, et cetera, it eventually moves into that space of good. Now, every time I get on the bike, I'm like, woo.

It's like a million bucks every single time. Right. And now this is with an experience of biking. What if I do the same with the bus? Like initially the experience with that person is not ideal, but then is there something that I'm getting out of it that I want to continue persisting with? But if it is then I persist despite the fact that the experience is ugly.

Eventually when I start, when I continue persisting, it becomes, it's not so ugly, but it's still bad. It's not great. It's not good, but it's still bad. Austin. Do I still want to persist? Maybe another two months. Let's give it some time. Right. So we give it more time now. It's like, fucking awesome. It's good.

It's good. Right? I'm like, yeah. Now have established some sort of thing. So I'm in my head. I'm like playing with these buckets. Right? Good, bad, ugly, good, bad, ugly. Like, I mean, in my head, every time I have an interaction with someone I'm like, okay, was that good? Was that bad? Was that it's just like a quick categorization in my head.

Just so that. It helps me understand and relate with that, but I start feeling guilty that I didn't have a bad time. I'm like, okay, well that was, that was expected to be an ugly interaction because I don't know the person we've just met the context wasn't established, you know, the, the content wasn't very good.

And the circumstances under which we met was less than ideal. So considering all that, it was an ugly experience, that ugly interaction, but I did get something out of it. So do I continue? Do I want to persist or do I just want to let it be right? And now this engagement, no. What am I doing? I'm relating with that experience that the aftertaste is left me, but because a lot of times relationships, we look at it as only the taste we experiencing while we're engaging.

It's like, oh right. So I eat this food. It's spicy. It's sweet. It's like, whatever the experience is real thing. But a lot of times like, like with food, it's, it's the aftertaste. It's like what you're left, how you're left feeling after the meal, have you left, energized after the meal? How your, you know, your gut feels after the meal and as a result of that, how your gut feels, how your brain feels after the meal.

Right. So a lot of times in relationships as well, it's like food. If I eat a bunch of ice cream, I'm feeling like a million bucks with leading that. But later I have a sugar dump and I'm little bit sluggish. I don't feel so energetic because I had the spike and now I had a dump and I'm just like, man. So I think even with relationships, my first instinct is to just think of, oh, this was freaking awesome.

And it gets me, it's given me a great high, why lemon tracking with the person or in a short span of time after, but in the long run, I don't feel a sustained level of, you know, affection or attention. I don't feel that. So in a way, I'm also looking at how as children, we happy with, you know, just quick busts of interactive experiences, which you know, which feels great for the moment.

But as a does be crave more of those deep situating relationships, which feel like, oh, it doesn't give you the super high spike every time you interact, but you feel loved. You feel cared for you, feel safe, you feel secure. So in a way I'm also looking at how do I, you know, how much percentage of a relationship should cater to just that super high spot.

How much of it should cater to a general sense of wellbeing spread over a longer duration of time. And I think it's also like how we look at it in terms that's pretty much how we look at it in terms of, you know manage is not just an institutional arrangement, it's an interaction or it's it's a commitment to a relationship, which is extended over an extended period of time.

Right. Whereas a one night stand could be, it could hot, awesome effect, but it just gives me a high spike of enthusiasm and energy for a short period of time. And then afterwards I'm left feeling a little low in not feeling so great and things like that. So in every relationship I'm having with, that's a soft bear, but that's a person with it's a level over the head.

So whether someone, everything ho how do I differentiate between the immediate experience of that relating was a general sense of off the desk of that experience.

Yeah, that's interesting because I kind of the first idea that pops into my head is kind of looking at the growth of the relationship over time.

Right. Does it, is it something that like, you know, it starts off with small interactions and grows steadily, like, so maybe it starts with a light and then it goes to a comment and then a share and then maybe a DM and then onto a zoom call, like that's a linear growth trajectory for me. Right. Whereas, you know, if it's like, okay, we'll just delight here and they're like, that's not really growing, so that's kind of stagnant or, you know, maybe it's just a like, and then nothing after that one died.

And so you, you, you know, that's kind of how I would look at it and kind of, you know, try to figure out that, the data around that, and then trying to it's always very interesting to like, try to put data to relationships. Like, it, it feels weird at first and that's something that I've tried to touch on too.

And like some of the stuff I've written with, like the social network engineering, like you hear that, and it sounds like, like, is this something that like, I should do? Like, it feels kind of dirty. Like you, you know, you kind of think of like networking and social engineering, like both kind of have a social engineering, definitely has kind of bad connotations in terms of that.

You know, a lot of people like look down on the idea of networking, but like, no, it's all about. How can you build the relationships that you want to build? That it's about intentionally building relationships and engineering, those relationships to be strong, healthy relationships, like that's the point of engineering, right?

Like it's something, it allows you to build things that scale because it's engineered, it's meant, you know, the math has been done for you. Like it's, it's this idea that like, you know, you can build the relationships you want to, to give you the life you want. And so, yeah. You know, it's, I think that might be the, the hardest thing is to get people over that kind of like, Ooh, icky, like, you know, should I be doing like, no, if it's building relationships like that, that's all it is.

It's like intentionally putting forth that effort and you get to call yourself an engineer and you know, like that that's not bad. Right?

Yeah. I mean, it there's always that, that little bit of a trade-off right in the sense, like we don't live in a world, but ideally relationships just go serendipitous.

Like, because that's how we look at the forest, a forest, like the whole digital garden concept is like you intentionally grossed up, you create a little bit throw and seeds. I mean, you're farming. You're creating a manicure and pedicure in your little garden and you're creating the experience that you want.

And then on the other hand, if you just look at nature, like everything goes viral and it's great. It's awesome. In fact, it's a hundred times better than we could possibly do it. Right. But then we have divorced ourselves from that experience of living in each other. So we don't necessarily have the luxury of being able to grow harmoniously without the effort of creating that experience.

Now, if you were to just take a plot of land and just say, I'm just going to let it grow into a forest. In most cases, you'll just probably land up with weeds then on a forest lake experience, because we it's a divorced piece of land. It doesn't have interaction with the rest of the world, but the rest of the forest.

Right. But if you have like an empty space inside the forest and you just let it grow a market grow beautifully, it'll grow in harmony because the fall is just embraces it and takes it and let it grow and allows it to grow in the way it, it connects effortlessly and harmoniously with the rest of its surroundings.

But if you take an isolated piece of land and try to just let it grow in most cases, it wouldn't be an ideal experience, right? In which case we need to engineer that space, we need to garden it. We need to set it up. We need to create boundaries. Like you said, we can't just have it happening. Right. And this becomes, and when we have this multiplayer experience, it becomes a little bit of a boat.

It becomes a balancing act. Engineered in relationships between creating boundaries between establishing norms and frequency and interaction protocols, et cetera, as well as leaving space, a lot of space for 70 to 70, 30 to happen, right. For sudden connections to pop up for, you know, for ad hoc experiences happen.

And so it's kind of funny that you say that too, because I think we have this idea of the, you know, the, the serendipitous interactions like occurring all the time. And what we don't see are the pieces that actually connect those, right? Like in a lot of cases, those connections exist, but there's like so much noise around them.

It's not obvious. And so I think with like social network engineering, it's making sure that those serendipitous connections have the ability to happen. Like you, you engineer specific pathways of communication to where, when it needs to happen, it can, and it. Much like you were talking about like, you know, the forest, like if you have a small hole in the forest, like, you know, a new bit of forest will serendipitously grow the okay.

It's part of that larger system, right? Like it's, you know, the, the system is taken care of that and we don't always see the systems that are in effect. Eh, you know, I think it brings up another point that I've been trying to make a bit too, which is like, if you are not social engineering, you're, you're, you're if you're not network, if you're not.

So if you're not engineering, your social network, somebody else is right. So, you know, it's the, the, the social media networks, it's the advertisers, it's everybody trying to influence. Everybody has an opinion on like who you should be interacting with. And it's usually that they're, they're very pushy for your attention.

It's like, okay, well, that's great, but that's not what benefits you the most. So like, you know, I w again, I want to give people power. Like, you know, you have so much power that you don't see, and it's about taking control over that power and using. To achieve your goals. I didn't know what your goals are, but you know, it's like you can achieve them here.

Here's the tools go build relationships because the thing is like, you know, I, I think everybody should have the power to do that. And I think if everybody does have the power to do that, the world will actually be a much, much better place and things will just run a lot better because it's a, it's a well-designed system.

It's a system designed to work for everybody because everybody builds their own system that connects with the bigger system. And that's what we're missing. Like it's almost, they're like, oh, these systems talk to each other. But the one thing that I've noticed is a problem that social networks have is that they were designed by engineers and much like a computer network.

They're designed with this idea that every node on the network is the same. It's like interchangeable, right? Like if you draw on that network, like you communicate the same way. But with humans, that is not the case. Like if you plug in like a different human into a connection point, their experience, we vastly different from whoever else was there.

And so to understand how that works, like you have to understand how to optimize for every single note and the network. Social networking sites. Don't do that because that's not what they're focused on. They're focused on like, okay, well, how do I make this, you know, monetize mobile? And we can focus on, on, you know, optimizing for, for these different variables, but yeah, once social or, you know, once people start to see that like, oh, well maybe we should treat these networks differently in kind of let some of these things happen on that more human connection basis where humans get to set the rules, not algorithms.

Yeah. It's like, everything looks the same, but clearer and better. I think

I love how coming to the, if I were to leave this engagement, this interaction with something in my mind right now, I would love live with this idea that I have follow my relationships. Right. A lot of the current trend or the experience of people overall is like, we almost like shying away with power from power writers, like personal power.

Like the idea of power is always something that power corrupts power is evil. Power is what does have over you. Right? Like there's the sentence, like follow something like we typically shying away from. But I think like when you said that. Me taking power or empowering myself to relate better to realize that I have power over my relationships.

I have problem. It's not about being powerful over the other, in the relationship, but it's having follow-up over influencing that relationship, right? How can I make this relationship better? And it's, there's that sense of helplessness? I can't do anything. What can I do? Like we always, like, whenever I find myself at a dead end in a relationship, I'm like, what can I do?

I've already tried everything again. Right. There's always like, where do I find myself at a dead end over? And I find myself at a space, like a checkmate situation. I'm like, what can I do? I've already tried everything. But then that incredible question, it's an incredible question. It's like, what can I do is not a helpless question.

If I look at it from an engineering perspective, from a software developer perspective, it's, it's incredibly empowering because it's like, wow, what can I do? Right. It's not like, oh, what can I do? It's more like a, yeah. What can I do now? Right. And I feel you bringing that perspective into this concept of relationship makes me feel like, yes, if things aren't going the way I want it to the must be something I can do, maybe I'm missing on something.

Maybe I look at the data. Maybe I go back and I study what's happening. Why has it failed? Right. Thinking of a relationship from the perspective of a developer, from an software person who is trying to fix things. And it's not just necessarily something that's broken, but it's also an upgraded could be an improvement.

It could be an iteration. It could be like, okay, this was motion 1.0 of our relationship. Oh, what if he could make a one, 1.5, 1.71 2.0 3.1. And like windows just moved from 3.1 to suddenly 95.

Yeah. And then XP and then me then seven.

So yeah, man, I, I really am glad that he left, you know, it left me with this idea that the power, like feeling that, like I have a relationship, we have power of the solution together. We can empower this relationship. Right. We can influence this. We can take it to better spaces. We can take it to a better experience, a richer experience, a deeper experience.

And I love that idea because it makes me feel responsible for this.

Right. And, and that's the thing like we all are. That's the beautiful thing of it too, is like when both sides in a relationship have the ability and the power to determine whether or not that relationship sticks around, things become a lot easier.

You know, one of the things that has really like bothered me is the various like power imbalances. People don't always understand that know it's something that I'm being autistic. I haven't always had a good feel for like authority and like this idea of these power imbalances and like, you know, if you look like autistic kids for a lot of times, like get in trouble for like not respecting authority.

And it's like, I don't recognize your authority just because you, if you're, you know, you're a teacher or whatever, it's like but getting people to like understand that, that, you know, the sides are balanced and power and both sides have that equal power. Again, it becomes very empowering, right? Like you're, you're not someone doesn't have power over you.

Like, you both have power, you come together and you both decide what the future of the relationship is. Yeah. I mean, just absolutely incredibly empowering and something. I think more people need to realize, so on a mission to make sure they do.

Yeah, man. I mean, I am so stoked. I'm so glad I had no idea.

Like what, I don't even remember. Now, what I wanted to talk about, I was like, I remember reaching out on Twitter. I was like, Hey, you know what? We should talk about this. And I was like, wait, now I have no clue what my initial desire to connect with. You was.

Thank you. So my tweet on making you know, treating life more like a game and talking about you know, choosing the people you want to play with.

Right. And where are the side quests? That sort of thing. Like, that's what it's about, man. Like you, you have the power, so like use it, go out and explore, like push the boundaries. Like once you set them there, they're like make the game that you want to play. And yeah, if it's more fun that way.

Absolutely. My friend, thank you so much. I mean, like this couldn't have been any better, right? I mean, it's exactly what we've talking about. The whole idea that we weren't as focused on the outcome, like the excuse, like whatever the excuse was, the tweet wasn't excused. Right? But we built this relationship, not by focusing on what got it started all where we wanted it to go.

But on the fact that we all own this together, we'll be in this game together on this quest together in this shedding, this experience together. And that is the meat of the relationship where it started, where it's going. It's just the wrapping of the candy at the end. The actual candy is what's in between.

Exactly. Exactly. Alright. Well, I had probably to get off here and go to bed now, so, but this has been a blast. I really appreciate you taking the time. Ready?

Awesome. Thank you so much.

Take care again.